docs: non-stop cody (#52809)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/non-stop.md

# Non-Stop Cody

<aside class="experimental">
<p>

> <span class="badge badge-experimental">Experimental</span> This feature is experimental and might change or be removed in the future. We've released it as an experimental feature to provide a preview of functionality we're working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="badge badge-experimental">Experimental</span> This is an experimental feature that is currently only available on **VS Code**. Functionality and feature set might change or be removed in the future.
```

Author: I copied this from https://docs.sourcegraph.com/cody/completions so you might want to update it in your PR too 😄

Reviewer: kk I can make more changes after you merge

Like many other AI assistants, Cody is built to empower developers, which means:
- You never have to slow down for Cody
- You can understand what Cody is doing at any time through ambient signals
- When Cody performs poorly it is easy to recover

The seamless integration of the following Non-Stop Cody features allows developers to continue their work uninterrupted while using Cody, preserving their workflow and maximizing productivity.

## ✨ Cody Fixup

Sprinkles your code with instructions inline using natural language with `Cody Fixup`!

### How to use

1. Enter your instructions for Cody in your file
2. Highlight the code, including your instructions
3. Run `Cody: Fixup` (<kbd>Ctrl+Alt+/</kbd>/<kbd>Ctrl+Opt+/</kbd>). 
4. Leave the highlighted code untouched and wait for Cody to update your file, Cody will figure out what edits to make and will make it for you!

Examples:
- "Factor out any common helper functions" (when multiple functions are selected)
- "Use the imported CSS module's class names"
- "Extract the list item to a separate React component"
- "Handle errors better"
- "Add helpful debug log statements"
- "Make this work" (seriously, it often works--try it!)

> ## 🔮 Cody Inline Assist

Reviewer 2: We use "Inline Chat" in the instructions here — might be a good time to rename and use that!

Author: The Inline Assist name was from [Marketing](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C04NPH6SZMW/p1683752793006609?thread_ts=1683742654.437759&cid=C04NPH6SZMW) and they've been using that name in their marketing materials so i don't know what needs to be involved to rename that 😓 

Or maybe we can reword it so that Inline Assist consists Inline Chat, Inline Fix and Inline Touch (temp)?

   1. If you click on the `+` symbol without highlighting code in your file, Cody will only looks at the line number you clicked and a few surrounding lines for context
4. Type in your questions for Cody in the Inline Chat input box
5. Click `Ask Cody` to submit your request
6. Cody will add a respond under your request in the Inline Chat once it's ready
7. In the meantime, you can continue working around your codebase

##  🪄 Cody Inline Fix

Cody Inline Fix is basically [Cody Fixup](#cody-fixup) in disguise. However, it lets you enter your instructions for Cody in the Inline Chat box instead of within your code. It also allows Cody to directly perform the edits inline based on context from highlighted code, with decorations indicates the process.

### How to use

To use `Cody Inline Fix`, you must first enable Cody Inline Assist.

1. Highlight the code where you want the content for the new file to be based upon
2. Start a new Inline Chat by clicking on the `+` symbol next to the highlighted line numbers in the left gutter
3. In the chatbox, enter `/fix` or `/f`, follows up with an instruction on what you would like Cody to `fix`
4. 

> ## 👉 Cody Inline Touch

Reviewer 2: Totally cool to leave this name for now, to document it as-is, but I think it's another that needs a new name at some point. It's almost more like `cat` than `touch` in the unix sense. Perhaps `/newfile` or `/file` or something… I'm not quite sure! But I'd like to flag it as needing a new name.

Author: Haha regarding `cat` and `touch`, I wanted to go with `cat` but that might look weird to non-unix users, that's why i went with `touch` instead.

You can see underneath it I mentioned the user is the one who is creating the file `/touch`, and Cody is the one who make the changes in the file you created, like Cody touches your file 🤣  

But yeah i'm open to new name ideas! I originally had it as `/new` but then switched to `/touch` based on [a feedback](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C89KCDK5J/p1685092812758729?thread_ts=1685052812.911519&cid=C89KCDK5J)

Author: @kalanchan what do you think?

Reviewer: is this available to windows users? i think we should use a universally understandable name, maybe like `Cody Init` or something?
